3.2.2
If Infantry in the same
hex are going to attack the same unit, they must do
so as a mandatory FG; they may not make sepa-
rate attacks

3.2.2
A leader may use his leadership DRM to modi-
fy the IFT DR of any one attacking Infantry unit
(except a FT) or FG per Player Turn, provided all
units of the FG are in the same hex. A leadership
DRM may be applied to a multi-hex FG only if a
leader directing that attack is present in every
hex; the leadership DRM in effect in this condi-
tion is that of the lowest quality participating
leader.

3.2.3 Pin
During that turn units may not move, their FP is halved,
and a pinned leader may not use his leadership DRM.
Units cannot be pinned more than once per Player Turn.
Any pinned Infantry may not Double Time.
Unit that is pinned is not subject to any further FFNAM or FFMO while pinned

3.2.3 Pin (on marginal MC pass)
If an unbroken unit passes a required MC by exactly the highest number by which
that unit could pass the MC (after all modification), then that unit is pinned,
and a Pin counter is placed on that unit.

3.2.3 MC:
Each target unit must attempt to pass a Morale Check (MC) by making a DR less
than or equal to the unit's morale level. The best leader in a hex must check first.
An unpinned, Good Order leader will apply his leadership DRM to other units
(including lower morale leaders) in the target location if he passes his MC
unharmed, but not to himself.

3.3.3
A unit that survives a Defensive First Fire attack can be fired upon again in
that same location during its MPh before expending additional MF, but only by
different attackers or if it expended at least 2 MF/MP in that hex. The same
unit or Weapon can never Fire on a moving unit in the same location more times
than the number of MF/MP expended in that location during the MPh.

3.3.3
Any action that requires a unit to expend a MF or MP in a hex qualifies the
unit as a target for Defensive First Fire

2.0 Casualty Reduction
A combat result that eliminates a HS or crew or wounds a SMC.
A squad is reduced to a HS (3.2.3).

3.3.3 Subsequent First Fire (SFF)
A DEFENDER Infantry unit already marked with a First Fire counter may Defensive
First Fire again with its own FP and/or MG during that MPh provided that the
target is not at a range greater than that to the closest Known Enemy Unit, nor
outside the firer's normal range. A unit thus using Subsequent First Fire (SFF)
has its FP halved. After the attack is resolved, flip the First Fire counter
over to its Final Fire side.

3.3.3 Final Protective Fire (FPF)
FPF is an option available to a DEFENDER Infantry unit already marked with a
Final Fire counter which wishes to fire at adjacent or same hex moving units
during the MPh. FPF is treated as Subsequent First Fire (with the FP also
doubled due to the effects of PBF) with an additional penalty; immediately
after normally resolving the attack, the original IFT DR (modified only by
applicable leadership DRM) is used as a NMC against the units using FPF
(including any directing leader). Provided it does not break, there is no
limit to the number of FPF attacks a unit may make, other than the number of
moving units and the MF/MP they expend in the adjacent or the firer's hex.
A unit using FPF must use all its FP and usable MG (or IFE) and may form a FG
with units not using FPF, but only those units using FPF are affected by its
adverse effects.

3.2.3 Leader Loss Task Check (LLTC)
If a leader breaks, all Good Order units with a lower current morale level
stacked with him and not in CC must take a PTC after resolving the initial
attack, with any negative leadership DRM added to the DR rather than subtracted
from it. This is a Leader Loss Task Check (LLTC).

3.2.3 Leader Loss Morale Check (LLMC)
If a leader is eliminated, all units with a lower current morale level stacked
with him and not in CC must take a NMC after resolving the initial attack, with
any negative leadership DRM added to the DR rather than subtracted from it.
This is a Leader Loss Morale Check (LLMC).

3.2.3 NMC (broken units)
An already broken unit that fails a MC suffers Casualty Reduction; an already
broken unit that rolls an original 12 on a MC is eliminated.
Broken units use the morale level printed on their broken side for all MC.

3.6 Rout Phase (RtPh)
During the RtPh a broken unit not in Melee may not end a RtPh adjacent to
or in the same location as an unbroken Known Enemy Unit and may not remain
unemplaced in the same Open Ground location in the normal range and LOS of a
Known Good Order enemy unit that is unbroken, unpinned, has no any form of
halved FP or positive DRM (e.g., a CX unit, a lone leader with a MG) and
capable of firing on it in that hex with at least one FP.
Such a unit is placed under a DM counter and if not in Melee must rout away
(ATTACKER first — one unit at a time) during that RtPh or be eliminated for
failure to rout.
All broken units have 6 MF for use in the RtPh; this amount can never be
increased.
A broken unit may rout into an Open Ground hex in the LOS and normal range of
a Known Enemy Unit without Interdiction (see below) only if it has used Low
Crawl, but it still may not be adjacent to an unbroken Known Enemy Unit at the
end of the RtPh or it will be eliminated for failure to rout.
Low Crawl is a rout of one hex that requires the entire MF allotment of the
routing unit. A routing unit using Low Crawl cannot be interdicted. All other
rout provisions apply unchanged to Low Crawl.

A routing unit must move to the nearest (in MF, along a legal rout path)
building or woods hex within 6 MF.
In so doing, a routing unit may not rout toward an enemy unit (even if it is
broken) while in that enemy's LOS, in any way which decreases the range in
hexes between the routing unit and the Known Enemy Unit, nor may it move
towards such a unit after leaving its LOS during that RtPh; nor if adjacent to
an enemy unit may it move to another hex adjacent to that same enemy unit,
unless in doing so it is leaving that enemy unit's location.
Otherwise a routing unit may move towards an enemy unit.
Upon reaching the nearest legal woods or building hex not adjacent to an enemy
unit, a routing unit must stop and end its RtPh in that building or woods hex.

A routing unit must ignore any building or woods hex that it cannot enter due
to stacking limits and may also ignore a building or woods hex if that hex is
no further away from a Known Enemy Unit than its starting hex.
If no building or woods can be reached during that RtPh, a broken unit may
rout to any hex consistent with the above restrictions.
A broken unit may rout if under DM.

If a routing unit has a legal rout destination, it MUST move to that
destination hex in that RtPh. The only time this is not true is when the
routing unit is using Low Crawl.

However, a routing unit will occasionally discover during its rout that it can
no longer legally continue to move towards its rout destination. When this
occurs, a new rout destination must be immediately selected, based on the
unused MF that the routing unit has remaining. The routing unit must then rout
to this new rout destination.

If a routing unit discovers that it cannot legally reach its rout destination,
and it has no other legal rout destination, it then may continue its rout
without a rout destination, as described in the previous section.

Must A Routing Unit Always Take The Shortest Path To Its Rout Destination?
No. As long as a routing unit reaches its rout destination, it is not required
to use the shortest path. But a Low Crawl must always be made towards the
unit's rout destination (if there is one).

Interdiction occurs whenever a routing unit enters an Open Ground hex without
using Low Crawl while in the normal range and LOS of an unbroken, unpinned
enemy unit capable of firing on it in that hex with at least one FP.
A unit/Weapon which has any form of halved FP or positive DRM (e.g., a CX
unit, a lone leader with a MG) cannot interdict.
If Interdiction occurs, then the routing unit is subject to a NMC and
everything that normally entails.
A routing unit that fails its Interdiction NMC suffers Casualty Reduction,
although any remaining HS may continue to rout thereafter.
Interdiction does not affect other units in the hex and units are capable of
Interdiction even if they have exhausted all other fire options for that Player
Turn. An interdicted unit that suffers a pin result on its NMC may not rout
further that RtPh and, if still adjacent to a Known Enemy Unit, is eliminated
for failure to rout. A broken unit may not be interdicted more than once per
Open Ground hex entered, regardless of the number of enemy units that can
claim Interdiction.
The FFMO DRM is negated if there is a Hindrance between the routing unit and
the interdictor.

Rout Phase Summary
- Routing may use 6 MF.
- Must rout if adjacent to an unbroken enemy unit.
- Must rout from its starting hex if a hypothetical unit routing through that
  hex would be subject to Interdiction.
- May rout only if under a DM counter.
- When routing, must rout towards the nearest building or woods that is not
  closer to a Known Enemy Unit.
- Interdiction can occur if routing in Open Ground, normal range, and
  unhindered LOS of enemy unit without using Low Crawl.
- Low Crawl is a rout of one hex consistent with above rules that protects
  against Interdiction.
- Units that must rout but cannot are eliminated.
- If woods/building cannot be reached in a single RtPh (i.e., more than 6 MF
  away), unit may rout to any terrain consistent with all other requirements.

3.7 Advance Phase (APh)
The ATTACKER may move any of his Good Order, unpinned Infantry units to
an adjacent hex (even if enemy units occupy the hex moved into).

A unit advancing into a hex that requires all its MF must become CX.
For example, a Russian squad carrying a five-PP MMG has only two MF and
therefore must become CX to advance into a hex requiring two MF to enter
during the MPh (brush, hills, woods, or building), unless accompanied by a
leader who adds two MF and one IPC to the squad, thereby leaving it with
five MF.

A CX unit may not advance into a hex that would cost all its MF to enter.
For example, a CX German squad possessing a four-PP HMG would have only two
MF left after deducting for two excess PP (its IPC is reduced to two due to
being CX) and cannot advance into a building hex, unless it is accompanied
by a leader.

3.8 Close Combat Phase (CCPh)
Close Combat is a type of attack that occurs during the CCPh between opposing
units in the same hex. There are no TEM modifications to a CC attack DR, and no
Weapons apply. Unlike fire attacks, CC is simultaneous so both sides attack the
other even if one or both is thereby eliminated, unless an ambush occurs.

The ATTACKER specifies the order in which multiple hexes containing CC
situations are to be resolved; each hex's CC for that turn must be completely
resolved before resolving CC in another hex. Each side must designate all of
its attacks in that hex prior to the resolution of any of them (ATTACKER
designating his first). The DEFENDER then designates all of his attacks, after
which the ATTACKER resolves all of his previously declared attacks. The
DEFENDER then resolves all of his attacks — even if those units have been
eliminated or reduced. Units may attack any unit or combination of units in
the same hex, so long as no unit attacks or is attacked more than once per
CCPh.

- All units in the hex do not have to be attacked, nor do all units have to
  make an attack.
- Only unbroken units may attack, but even broken units defend, although they
  suffer a -2 DRM to CC attacks against them.

The FP of attacking units is compared to the FP of those enemy units being
attacked in order to achieve a ratio of attack to defense FP strength called
odds. Once odds have been determined, a DR is made for each attack. If the
final DR is less than the number listed on the Close Combat Table (CCT) under
the applicable odds column, the attacked units are eliminated. A final DR that
equals the Kill number listed on the CCT results in Casualty Reduction of one
of the attacked units (randomly determined). A final DR greater than the Kill
number has no effect.

Any SMC in CC has an attack and defense FP strength of one. A SMC may attack
alone but if it does it must also defend alone. Any number of SMC may combine
with MMC or other SMC to make a CC attack by adding their FP together. A SMC
defends in CC as part of the group it attacks with by adding its one FP to the
FP of the unit it is stacked on. A leader may direct the CC of the MMC it
attacks and defends with (and any other unit which joins that MMC in a
combined CC attack) by applying his leadership DRM to modify the CC DR, in
addition to adding his FP to the strength of the attack. A leader may not use
his leadership DRM to modify an attack he makes alone.

Whenever Infantry advances into CC in a woods or building hex (unless
reinforcing a Melee), an ambush can conceivably occur. Prior to declaring CC
attacks in such a case, each player makes one dr. If either player rolls at
least three less than the other, he has succeeded in ambushing his opponent.
The side that has the ambush status in a CC is entitled to a -1 DRM to its CC
attacks and a +1 to CC attacks against it until that CC becomes a Melee at the
end of the CCPh. Ambush dr are subject to drm even if only a portion of a
player's CC force is qualified to use it; drm include +1 for being CX, +1 for
being pinned, +1 for being Inexperienced, and any leadership drm (unless the
leader is alone). The ambushing side resolves all of its attacks in that CCPh
first; only surviving enemy units may attack back after being ambushed.

If Infantry from both sides (any of which is unbroken) remain in the same
location after all initial CC attacks have been resolved at the end of the
CCPh, they are considered to be locked in Melee and may not conduct any
activity other than CC (e.g., leave that location, make a fire attack,
interdict routing units, etc.). Place a Melee counter on such a stack. New
units may advance into a Melee hex but must engage in CC. Non-Melee units may
attack the Melee units during a fire phase but all friendly and enemy Melee
units in the hex must be attacked. Remove the Melee counter as soon as no
unbroken unit remains.

CCT (Kill Number by odds ratio):
  <1:8  = 0
  1:8   = 1
  1:6   = 2
  1:4   = 3
  1:2   = 4
  1:1   = 5
  3:2   = 6
  2:1   = 7
  3:1   = 8
  4:1   = 9
  6:1   = 10
  8:1   = 11
  10:1  = 12
  >10:1 = 13
